Update README.md for Cumulus (#7930)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: cumulus/README.md

See [the `bridge-hubs` readme](parachains/runtimes/bridge-hubs/README.md) for details.

## Testnets

### Paseo

[Paseo](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fpaseo.rpc.amforc.com#/explorer) is the newest testnet for Polkadot, 
replacing Rococo as a decentralised, community run, stable testnet for Parachain teams and dapp developers to build on.
For more information, check the [Paseo repo](https://github.com/paseo-network).

### Westend

[Westend](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fwestend-rpc.polkadot.io#/explorer) is a long running testnet for Polkadot, 

> primarily intended to provide a testing environment for infrastructure providers to test their Polkadot and Kusama deployment and 
> processes. Also widely used by Polkadot Technical Fellowship for testing the system chain runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
primarily intended to provide a testing environment for Parity to test the latest changes in the SDK.
```
